TELCODOCS#2004: Day 2 Operations - Security Doc (#86603)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-security-key-areas-for-cnf-deploy.adoc

Reviewer: Please change "occur" to  #"occurred"
This is a historical section and should not be used to tell people what to do.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

Reviewer: In the RAN section the first line needs to be changed back to the following because this is a historical section:
"Once CNFs were tested within the Core network and found to be so useful the RAN networks were looked at."

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * edge_computing/day_2_core_cnf_clusters/observability/telco-security-basics.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="telco-security-key-areas-for-cnf-deploy_{context}"]
= Key areas for CNF deployment

> Following are the key areas for CNF deployment:

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

> Core:: The first deployments of CNFs occured in the core of the wireless network. This typically means racks of servers placed in central offices or data centers. These servers are connected to both the internet and the Radio Access Network (RAN), but they are often behind multiple security firewalls or sometimes disconnected from the internet altogether. This type of setup is called an offline or disconnected cluster.

Reviewer 2: In the spirit of rfisher001's "[historical](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/86603/files#r1904230701)" suggestion, does this make sense?  Note the typo in _occured_.
```suggestion
Core:: The first deployments of CNFs occurred in the core of the wireless network. This typically meant racks of servers placed in central offices or data centers. These servers were connected to both the internet and the Radio Access Network (RAN), but they were often behind multiple security firewalls or sometimes disconnected from the internet altogether. This type of setup is called an offline or disconnected cluster.
```

Reviewer 2: I like the structure under RAN better. Is this a correct statement?

```suggestion
Core:: The first deployments of CNFs occured in the core of the wireless network. Deploying CNFs in the core typically means racks of servers placed in central offices or data centers. These servers are connected to both the internet and the Radio Access Network (RAN), but they are often behind multiple security firewalls or sometimes disconnected from the internet altogether. This type of setup is called an offline or disconnected cluster.
```

Author: Yes!! This makes sense.
Updated as per the suggestion.

> RAN:: After successful testing in the core network, CNFs are deployed in the Radio Access Network (RAN). Deploying CNFs in RAN requires a large number of servers (up to 100,000 in a large deployment). These servers are located near cellular towers and typically run as {sno} clusters, with the need for high scalability.

Author: RAN section also contains a reference to "Core". So keeping it as is!
